There are many purposes of this project. I will enumerate them like so.

    1. The primary purpose of this project is to create an abacus tool to use.
       If an abacus in not created out of this project, it has failed
       catastrophically.

    2. The secondary purpose of this project is to acquaint myself with the
       usage of python as a tool.

    3. Another secondary purpose of this project is to demonstrate the ability
       to use a similar framework for many purposes. That is, the same core
       functionality could be used to create a windows application, a web
       application, an android application, and a unix application.

    4. The final purpose of this project is to present it to potential
       employers or other prospective interested parties as a means to
       advertise myself as a talented programmer.

The greatest success of this project would be to have an abacus on my phone, my
PC, and online to use very seamlessly and effortlessly. Here are some things I
have in my mind about how this should happen.

The most basic functionality of the projcet would be to have simply a visual
abacus display where the beads could be moved up and down and by doing could be
used to quickly and efficiently calculate numbers similar to a calculator. At
this point certain bafoon may ask why such a thing would be prudent when a
simple calculator exists on the phone. The best answer I can give to such
bafoons without insulting them (and I must avoid insulting bafoons if I am to
have any success in life, so be it) is that learning to use an abacus aids in
mental arithmatic quite effectively, and as such it is worthwhile to learn to
use one not only for the speed one can calculate numbers with it, but also
because of the mental pathways which are opened up as a result of learning to
use one and using it regularly.

The most simply form of this project will be a simple desktop application that
allows one to click on a bead, and by clicking it those beads will transfer
from one portion of the abacus to the other. Quite simple really.

The first functionality that I can think of for the abacus is in displaying the
number of the beads that can be seen. Such a display should be togglable,
because such an aid is a crutch in learning the abacus, and should be aimed to
be turned off in ultimate use.

The next and much more ambitious extension to this project would be to create a
well formed system (and what that means exactly is still yet unformed in my
head) for demonstrating to the user how two numbers should be added. So for
instance, there could be a display at the bottom that allows the user to input
the numbers they would like to add, and then two arrows on the right and left
of the abacus which would advance the abacus one step. In order for this to
work, an algorithm with steps defined will have to be made so that such a
process becomes well-formed. I am imagining a system whereby a list of actions
would be given (which could be shown to the user on the left or right of the
whole UI) which would step through the process for the abacus.

That is the extent to which I have displayed myself for coming up with the
abacus.

Another way that this projcet will be extended is paralell to these (or
orthagonal, however you want to visualize it). This would be in each of these
iterative steps, but for the android and web applications.

So to end this free writing session, I would like to put forth a short series
of steps and some timelines for these steps.

Requirements for proof of concept
Design for proof of concept
Research for Python concepts needed for desktop application
Implementation of proof of concept as desktop application
Addition of number display for desktop application.
Research of neccesary components for android application
Design for android application
Implementation of android application
Research for web aplication.
Design for web application.
Implementation of web application.
Requirements for automated extention
Design for automated extension
Implementation of automated extension for desktop
Repeat the last three steps for android and finally web

What I want to make sure of is that I have delivearbles at every step. Such is
my downfall in the past, and I want to avoid it.

